[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
>> You can build a bridge
between the two worlds.
You don't have to choose between
them, either a spiritual being
or being just a physical being.
You can be both.
[ROCK MUSIC]
I am Stephen.
I am 54, and I
reside in Copenhagen.
Been in the real estate and
housing business for 27 years
now.
I run my own consultancy.
I help my clients in the real
estate and housing business,
developing their businesses.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
From my birth.
I'm a lone child.
My parents got divorced
as I was nine, or 10,
or something like that.
And I moved with my father and
stayed with him for the years
until I moved by
myself as a young man.
When he had the time,
he would give himself
the time to play with me.
And we played with
small toy cars.
And when he was a young man, he
did rally in Denmark and Sweden.
And then one day I saw
the car rally on TV,
and I was like, wow, I
got to try that someday.
So it's been a
childhood dream for me
since I was like eight, nine, or
10 to do cross-country rallying.
And for the past 22 years or
so, I've been driving off-road.
And I've been doing some amateur
races in Poland and Germany
with the Land Rovers
to live out the dream
of going racing in Africa from
Northern Spain to Senegal.
[ROCK MUSIC]
I was raised as a Christian,
and Christianity-- we
are taught in school.
In the society of Denmark,
that is the way you are raised
and you live.
But we are also
descendants of Vikings,
so we are like, more or
less, oh, maybe the authority
says this and this
and this, but I got
to check that out by myself.
I was molded by that
Christianity until I was, like,
46 when I had my first real
opening, as you could say it.
I started working with
a new consultancy.
The guys were going to Nice in
France for a strategic seminar.
And I was expecting
whiteboards and flip over
because we were going
to talk about strategy.
And then I entered the room,
and I saw eight mattresses
on the floor.
And I was like, that's funny.
What are these for?
My boss looked at me.
And he just smiled
and said, well,
we're going to do
some breathwork.
And I was like, I
know how to breathe.
Don't tell me that.
And that was my introduction to
the method by Colin P. Sisson
called rebirthing by breathing.
And my boss asked me, how do
you feel about that, Stephen?
How was it?
And he smiled.
And I was like, well, this
is better than cannabis.
So I actually met Lisbeth.
I found out that she is a
therapist from the Michael
Newton Institute.
And we had a wonderful
session, a regression session.
And then I remembered
that she also does
Life Between Lives sessions.
And I thought, now it's time to
dig even deeper in and find out
what is this experience we
call life that I'm having.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
>> My name is Lisbeth Lysdal.
I'm living in Roskilde, Denmark,
and I'm a Life Between Lives
practitioner.
In a Life Between Lives
session, the client
connects to their soul self,
their essence, or their higher
aspect.
Growing up in
Denmark, I always had
this interest in mathematics.
I chose science as a field of
study because it was factual.
It's how you make a career.
And then I worked
in engineering,
control engineering,
collecting data from factories.
Working as an engineer in
Denmark is a lot of hours,
and that didn't
fit in with family
and having small children.
[PIANO MELODY]
At some point, I chose
that it would be better
for me and my family
that I had more time.
And I went into
working independently.
I began to notice that
the projects I were doing
succeeded because of the
human interaction rather
than the technicalities.
And still, I lost the motivation
from being called at 3
o'clock in the night because
something didn't work in a 24/7
production system.
And I went looking
for different options
and wanted to learn more about
the people aspects, started
studying, coaching,
psychotherapy, hypnotherapy.
And during my
hypnotherapy training,
I ran into Dr. Newton's books.
I felt an immediate connection
because I knew this by heart,
went to past life regression
training, went to a Life
Between Lives training.
I've been a practitioner of
that for several years now.
What's actually most
important for me
is that the client received
the healing and that connection
to maybe even lost
parts of themselves.
When I see clients, it can
either be online or in person.
They get a deeper meaning for
the experiences they have.
And I, in some way, do not
care whether that story
is true or not, because
it's what is true for them
in that moment.
And that is important
for the healing process,
and that's why I do this.
Stephen reached out to me.
And he's coming in for
an in-person session.
I have worked with
Stephen before,
doing some really deep work.
And Stephen is coming
into me again because he
wants to connect deeper
to his soul purpose
so he can find
meaning and clarity
and move forward
in this lifetime.
You wrote to me that your
intention for this session
was that you wish to be more
clear on your sole mission,
your sole path.
>> Yes.
Tell me a little
more about that.
>> Yes.
I have this
sensation that I have
to do things that are not
ordinary to me anymore.
I have this IT business.
And I get this urge
to write a book.
And I got this urge to do some
workshops with various people
like men and stuff like that.
And I'm a little--
what's my soul's
path in this life.
>> And in those preparation
notes you sent me,
you write about the
cars and the rally.
>> Yeah, because I have this
strong wish from my childhood
to drive a race in Africa.
I have this sensation,
this feeling
that it would be so much fun.
So I bought the car.
And I'm going to do it,
but a little more clarified
on what is the mission
of my soul, what's
the path of my soul.
>> So if you had the option
to ask your soul a series
of questions, what
would those be?
>> First of all, it would
be regarding the books,
and the workshops,
and the rally driving.
Is that what we're going to do?
Is that OK?
And then I'm curious
about details, you know?
How can we play it out to the
best in various situations?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> I feel it's a large challenge
for me to do 14 days of 5,000
kilometers race in Africa.
No matter the setting--
I mean, I'm going to die, but
it will be a tough, tough one.
It really is a childhood
dream from, like, eight,
nine, 10 years old.
It's like, wow, it's
finally going to happen.
Yeah, now I got
goosebumps all over.
>> So your father was the one
who introduced you to the car
rally.
>> When I was a small boy,
he told me that before I came
into this world, he did rally
driving in an old Volvo Amazon
when he was, like,
18, 19 years old.
And I was like, oh,
wow, that's cool, dad.
And he always talked
about putting himself
in a position where he would
be able to get me started
in karting and buy me a
go-kart and support me on that,
but he never got to it.
>> So tell me a little more
about your relationship.
>> I would say that it has
been a tough relationship.
When I was a young man
or a kid or a teenager,
I didn't understand why
he was so tough on me.
At some point,
when I was 20, 21,
I had this very large
argument with him
that drove me to
consider suicide.
I actually stood on the
bridge on a dark, dark winter
night thinking about throwing
myself into the water
and just drown myself because I
couldn't cope with him anymore.
It was too tough.
I had this maybe voice inside
me saying, oh, it's too easy.
There's so much more to
life you have to experience.
The last 10 years of his life--
we didn't have any connection.
When he was very, very
ill and hospitalized--
and I went to visit him and held
his hand and told him that--
what an asshole he was.
And I thanked him for all the
good stuff and all the bad stuff
because at that
point, I could see
that even though he was a
tough guy and tough on me,
it was an opportunity
for me to learn things.
Even though in a daily situation
I doubted it sometimes,
I always knew that he loved me.
Yeah.
>> Going into the session, trust
every little sensation, emotion,
feeling that comes up.
You are the master
of this journey.
I'm with you all the time,
but I'm not inside your head,
so I don't know exactly
what's going on.
So you say everything
that comes up.
If I am ahead of
you, behind you,
or you skip to somewhere
totally different
because that's what
happened, you tell me.
>> OK.
>> So I guess we're ready to
change through the session.
>> Cool.
>> Are you ready?
>> Yes, I'm excited.
>> Good.
>> We're having a party.
>> You're having a party.
>> Yeah.
I'm standing up with a
jug of mead in my hand,
looking at some men
and women sitting
on a table in front of me.
They look like Vikings.
The feeling I had
in the situation
was joyful, and
happiness, and jolliness.
And we're going on a quest.
And this guy is helping us.
So it was a party.
I'm not a Viking.
I'm wearing a big, dark blue
cape with golden thread, edges,
and corners, and symbols.
And on my head, I
have a headpiece
with some golden material.
And there's a jewel on it
on the third eye position.
>> We enter the past life.
He is dressed very differently.
So if you look down at your
skin, what color is it?
>> It's Caucasian.
It's white.
But I, at the same time, know I
can change it with my thought.
>> You can change it?
>> I can change the
color of my skin.
I looked at my
arm, and I realized
that I could change it in
any color I wanted instantly.
Whoa, this is strange.
I'm not one of them, but they
know me, and I know them.
I've taken the shape
of a human body
so they can relate
to me as a human.
I speak the language, but
I wear different clothing.
>> And why is that?
>> Because I don't have to hide.
And I'm not one of them,
that I'm from somewhere else.
And they know that I'm
from somewhere else.
>> He's dressed differently,
so he might be a visitor.
In this case, he's able to
change the color of his skin,
so that tells me he's definitely
not your normal human being.
So what's going on right now?
>> We are preparing
for a journey.
I'm here to tell them
what way to sail,
and what to be careful
of, and how to get there.
I was there like a guide
or instructor to tell them
where to go, to find
what they were seeking,
and how to go there.
>> So tell me, where
do you come from?
>> I come from the stars.
>> Tell me more.
>> They are not afraid of me.
And when they ask me where
I come from, I look up.
Yeah, I come from the stars.
It made me feel
familiar in some way
because in my human
presence, I don't always
feel like I'm at home.
All the places I go--
I feel like a stranger.
>> And tell me about that place.
>> I register a lot of fuss,
and busyness, and joyfulness,
and happiness, a lot
of light particles.
It's like a place of departure,
the last place you are,
where you prepare for
your next departure
from this place of
pure consciousness.
>> Do you have a specific form?
>> No.
It's not a physical place.
>> On this place of departure,
what do you call it?
>> Safe haven.
>> It's not really about the
Vikings that you're telling how
to travel and how to sail.
It's about his
past life, and that
leads to this place he
calls the safe haven.
That is a departure port.
>> I see all the intention
and coming into physical form.
From this place, I can
jump into a physical body.
I know that I'm a soul, and
I'm in a place with no time
and space.
And I'm, like, on hold
or something like that.
And then I get this
impulse, or order, or task,
or something like that.
And then you go to safe
haven, and you prepare.
It seems as if it's the place
where consciousness comes
into concepts and thoughts,
and from there on,
can come into
physical existence.
So when we manifest physical
shape, the soul goes with it.
There's also feeling sensations
of joyfulness, and happiness,
and excitement, everything
coming through that place
and into some sort
of physical form.
I'm very happy and excited
about what, like, quest.
I had the sensation of
preparing for a quest
to go there in
that time and space
and help them, instruct them
to do things like this and this
in order to achieve
this and that.
>> What is your quest
you're going on?
>> The quest is to educate and
elevate, to help them evolve.
>> In this place, there is the
ability to solve a specific
mission.
He has not been born
into that lifetime.
He has chosen to take a form to
give guidance to those Vikings.
Here, from the
safe haven, I want
you to move to an even
higher consciousness.
So what do you notice here?
>> Many souls,
heartbeat, larger groups.
>> Larger groups?
>> 10 or 12.
>> Mm-hmm.
Are you in a group, or are you
moving in between groups now?
>> I'm moving between groups.
I see threads of energy
between the groups,
and I see all groups connected.
The background was,
like, the universe
as a canvas, pitch
black, and galaxies,
and stars in the background.
And these groups of souls
were, like, floating in nothing
like-- and then connected
with these threads, which were
the roads between the groups.
We'll, I know right now,
I'm headed to that group.
But I'm not sure I'm
going to stay there.
>> No, but tell me what
happens when you get closer.
>> I feel welcomed.
I feel it's a rather new
group, three or four them.
>> From Newton's work, we
understand that souls form
groups.
Those groups are often
a primary soul group
of souls you have worked with
through numerous lifetimes.
So just tell me your
eternal spiritual name.
>> Yeah.
>> Maybe just let me know
him letter by letter.
>> A-S-H-A-R.
>> Ashar?
>> And then H again.
Asharh.
>> Asharh.
Does that sound right?
>> Yeah.
Asharh, Asharh.
>> I couldn't pronounce it.
I just started to feel,
like, a vibration or a tone.
Hmm, how would I put
letters on that tone?
How would that tone sound
like if I pronounce it?
I've never known that souls
had, like, names like that,
but it feels very
familiar to me.
>> It helps the client to stay
connected to the soul essence
and not jump into the past
life or the person I have
in the chair because they get
that grasp of this is actually
me.
So tell me, Asharh, about
your relations to this group.
>> Stephen's father
is in that group.
>> Mm-hmm.
How does that present him?
>> In glimpses, it takes shapes
of the father of Stephen.
Behind that, I get the sensation
of a brother, an equal.
"Brothers in Arms," the
song by Dire Straits.
That we go way, way back.
We have experienced so
many things together.
And we always
supported each other.
We always had each other's backs
and were there for the other one
old, old friend.
He wasn't always a great
guy, behaving great, or what
I felt being good to me.
I thought he was a harsh man.
And on a human
level, I understand
why he was such a douchebag
or whatever you call it.
>> Sometimes when we meet
people in this lifetime that are
a challenge, those are actually
people from our soul group that
are here to help you evolve.
>> It seems like we take turns
on being a father and son
and also being brothers.
I get the picture of both twin
brothers and bigger and smaller
brother, but always fighting.
But in that kind, brotherly,
friendly way, I love you,
and I'll fight you, and I'll--
>> And what is the
purpose of that?
>> Oh, that's just for fun.
>> Hmm.
That's just for fun.
>> It made me realize and
understand more about why we had
these confrontations
in this human life.
I was his dad,
and he was my dad.
Or we were brothers, always
fighting, but only for fun.
>> So what have been the
purpose of that relation?
>> The purpose has been to mold
and shape Stephen and not let
him forget that you will
sometimes get hurt and people
misunderstand you.
And they don't always
understand Stephen,
and they react to that, so
he needed a thicker skin.
That job is done.
And all is good.
And don't forget the lessons
you got from me, Stephen.
>> And tell me more
about the lessons.
>> It makes me sad because the
lessons are that you cannot
always trust the
humans closest to you.
It was good to hear him
on a soul level say,
don't forget the
lessons, my friend.
I might have been
hard on you, but there
was a purpose with that.
And the purpose--
the job's done.
And just remember what
you get out of it.
>> When the client finds
purpose in a relationship,
it often leads to the ability
to forgive or hold gratitude
for that relation instead
of holding a grudge.
And why did Stephen need
to learn that, Asharh?
>> Stephen needs to remember
that even though he has been
mistrusted and
betrayed so many times,
there are people he can trust.
It's also about Stephen
trusting his intuition.
So the lessons learned
through the actions of my dad
was knowing that my
fifth sense or intuition
is right, and listen to that,
and be more true to myself.
>> So what I hear
you say, Asharh,
is that the soul Stephen knows
as his father was teaching him
about trusting himself.
>> Yes, because it seems as if
Stephen has taken a rather big
job, and he's not always
trusting that he can do it.
>> Mm-hmm And tell me
about that big job.
>> To walk the
path of your soul.
Never let anybody tell
you you cannot do that.
>> So, Asharh, is there any
more you need from this group?
>> I'm ready to move on.
>> When I'm in the session, I
get a feeling that we have all
the information from
this specific place.
I ask them to move
on to the next place.
>> To my left, there's
a group of souls.
And in that group of
souls, there are--
what?
Three, four.
They're wearing the clothes
of motocross drivers.
One is speaking in Polish.
I don't understand.
>> No.
>> That's not the point.
I'm waiting for you in Poland.
There are three races in Poland
that Stephen are aware of.
And you should go there and
participate in at least one.
>> And why is that, Asharh?
>> To Stephen, Poland
is a safe place to race.
It's like the message
is, come on out.
Join us.
Have fun.
>> A driver turns up.
That encourages him
to train and drive
in a place that feels safe.
>> I was surprised to meet that
soul in that outfit saying,
well, come on down here.
Let's have fun together.
And I'll show you a trick or
two, and we'll just have fun.
>> We move to an
even higher place.
Tell me how this
place presents itself.
>> Late at night,
sky full of stars.
>> Mm-hmm.
Tell me more.
>> There's one big, bright
shining right in front of me.
>> And what is the message here?
>> Just be what you are.
And just shine your light.
I tried to blend in
and be like others.
Felt like a chameleon.
In order to be
accepted, I need you
to blend in and be like others.
You don't have to, just be.
There were no words, or
messages, or pictures, just
this great, great, beautiful,
pitch black background and then
this one big light like a
sun or something like that.
Just be you.
Don't worry about what other
people think about how you do it
or something like that.
Just do it.
>> Does the state "just
be" infect the areas
of Stephen's life?
>> The rally
driving is good fun,
and it helps Stephen
being in the moment.
It's OK to have a
passion like that
and also know that you
are a spiritual being.
>> Mm-hmm.
Tell me more.
>> One doesn't
exclude the other.
In fact, it goes hand in hand.
It's actually a part
of Stephen's power.
By driving a rally, and doing
workshops, and writing books,
telling about his
life experience,
he can build a bridge
between the two worlds
for people to understand
that you can be both.
You don't have to choose between
them, either a spiritual being
or being just a physical being.
You are both.
>> What will happen when
humans understand this?
>> They will be more
balanced and empowered.
>> And how is this knowledge and
wisdom affect Stephen's life?
>> It's his path to
be the messenger.
I can do rally
driving in Africa,
but I can also sit around
a bonfire, meditate,
and just still be Stephen.
My purpose is to be both.
So I can be both spiritual
and material and enjoy life.
>> How long do you
think that was?
>> I have no idea.
>> Almost two hours.
>> Wow.
>> Most people think that there
is a difference between being
a spiritual person in this
lifetime and having fun.
But actually, the
message that Stephen gets
is that he can be both.
>> It's been two weeks since
my session with Lisbeth.
And the connection I
had with my dad's soul
has really, really made
my life and understanding
of my childhood much easier.
It landed in my heart,
as we say in Denmark.
So that was very, very nice.
Also, the rally car--
it's come more to
my attention that I
need to spend more
time with it and really
go for it because
it's a long urging,
a longtime wish I
have about doing that.
After that session, it's
more integrated in me
that I can do that.
I can be both.
I can write a book
about it, and I
can do lectures, talks
about spirituality,
and also have my
business on the side.
And after that session,
it's more, like,
centered or grounded in me.
Thank you, Lisbeth, I definitely
had a journey into my soul.
And I'm very
excited and thrilled
about what's going
to come and what's
going to happen in my
life, writing the book,
and driving the rally car,
and experience all that.